Introduce schedule for ResourceSetInputProvider (#288)
controlplaneio-fluxcd/flux-operator: docs/api/v1/resourcesetinputprovider.md

When a schedule is specified with a zero duration window (the default), flux-operator will make
the best effort to reconcile the ResourceSetInputProvider at the scheduled time, but it may not be
able to guarantee that the reconciliation will start exactly at that time, especially if the operator
is too busy or if the cluster is under heavy load. If multiple schedules are specified and at least
one has a zero duration window, flux-operator will always reconcile the ResourceSetInputProvider upon
any requests.

When a schedule is specified with a non-zero duration window, flux-operator will only reconcile
the ResourceSetInputProvider when the time point `time.Now().Add(obj.GetTimeout())` falls within
the time window defined by the schedule. This check is performed not only at the start of the
reconciliation, but also when scheduling the next reconciliation according to the interval defined
by the `fluxcd.controlplane.io/reconcileEvery` [annotation](#reconciliation-configuration).

To force a one-off out-of-schedule reconciliation, annotate the ResourceSetInputProvider with
`reconcile.fluxcd.io/requestedAt: "<current timestamp>"` and

> `reconcile.fluxcd.io/forceAt: "<current timestamp>"`. Both annotations must be annotated
> with the exact same string, otherwise the reconciliation will not be triggered. This can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reconcile.fluxcd.io/forceAt: "<current timestamp>"`. Both annotations values
must be the exact same string, otherwise the reconciliation will not be triggered. This can
```

be done easily using the `flux-operator` CLI:

```shell
flux-operator reconcile inputprovider <name> --force
```

When the next reconciliation of the ResourceSetInputProvider is due to a schedule
(and not due to the interval defined by the `fluxcd.controlplane.io/reconcileEvery`
annotation), the status field `.status.nextSchedule` holds information about the next
scheduled reconciliation. For example:

```yaml
status:
  nextSchedule:
    cron: 0 8 * * 1-5
    timeZone: Europe/London
    when: "2025-06-29T00:00:00Z"
    window: 8h

> ```

Reviewer: This should be moved to the Status section.

The explanation can be simplified:

When `.spec.schedule` is set, the next scheduled reconciliation is reported in `.status. nextSchedule`.

Author: That's not true, though. During the window we don't report anything, the `.status.nextSchedule` field is empty. The interval is what is scheduling the next reconciliation, so there's no point in reporting this in the status during the window.

I moved this section to Status and modified the explanation so it starts simpler, and then we have a paragraph at the end explaining what happens during a window. Thanks!
